what if you did your video for right
there yes that's what I'm thinking I
might too that works
the background bring your stuff in it
looks this lighting that that's not too
bad to do it you know you look really
nice he's like I could come from here
that right there looks wonderful yeah
that's way better that's how i like it
reports it was like all decks around it
we need to make sure you can do anything
wrong with the shelves that's funny
hypixel clothes cars why I got chest so
I get so sick so I'm like night yeah
they're shady thank you throw this
really you know that whole little
zooming our whole looking at things when
you show them like I think you've got
this right now cuz i work for a while
then put it back up again what's all
these lines up here those are seven
lights it's chicken white balance and
still recording later I'm gonna check
your white bones let's see if that
records longer and it's this conscious
we're gonna read nighty night oh you
look outside was a credit look like
we're going to terms of skirts and
staying over that side over that ok
canada ritter I'm keep on working well
keep doing whatever you're doing oh
they're good practicing something I
would I was just seeing where I would
said why not on with this map because i
keep on falling into a ditch yeah and
we're going to rip on one around here
we're gonna read nighty night we're
gonna read nighty night look oh you know
what that side was a proud of it let's
read your book send me still we differ
by using this lightning attack I played
with the camera because i like the
settings on it so i can use them at one
time I didn't even used it I have
watched a ready o Jays been all after
today because I straighten my hair do
you think this is in my business what is
that it's math its monitoring the white
balance I can't get it off of it it's a
meter okay while you're here astana like
this card you know we can also do what
it is much me yeah we can give you
another one of these and then you won't
have to worry about you can buy you
another card then you don't have to
worry about all the business of it
wasn't like Einstein yes how do you guys
like my hair in yesterday's long oh my
god it was like it was like he seems us
come back and rub